[Music]
it was a magical summer Noah was a
country boy
Ali was from the city they met the night
of the carnival they had nothing in
common but after seeing Ali that night
something inside Noah snapped no no damn
head slipping okay fine I'll go out with
you don't do me any favors I like you
again
[Music]
they fell in love didn't it yes they did
you want to dance with me sure this is a
good story I think I've heard it before
sike a dream what do you do no I work at
the lumberyard how much do you make at
your job forty cents an hour it has got
to stop
no he's a nice boy but he is not for you
I see how it's gonna work
you ought not to see him anymore that's
final from the best-selling novel by
Nicholas Sparks Oh miss how's about that
day comes a story it's normal not to
forget your first love but I want you
for myself marry me about what we long
for I saw your picture in the paper and
I just wanted to see if you were okay
what we settle for I have a fiance
waiting for me what happened what did
you choose and who we're meant for why
didn't you write me I waited for you for
seven years
I wrote you every day for a year
New Line Cinema presents Ryan Gosling
Rachel McAdams James Garner general uns
James Marsden with Sam Shepard and Joan
Allen in a Nick Cassavetes film I read
to her and she remembers the notebook